Key qualifications:

— You have proven experience working in a comparable role
— You have a good understanding of QA methodologies, life cycle and processes.
— You have a passion for testing, development, and design.
— You have experience developing test automation tools and frameworks.
— You have experience with Continuous Integration systems (e.g., Jenkins, TeamCity, Travis)
— You have experience developing high-quality test strategies.
— You have a working knowledge of Unix/Linux and object-oriented programming in JavaScript, PHP, Java or C#.
— You have coding experience with automation frameworks, tools, and services for mobile.
— You have a good command of both verbal and written English.
— Experience in iGaming would be considered an advantage.
— Having a degree in Information Technology or another related field would be considered an advantage
— Having an ISTQB certification would be considered an advantage.

We offer:
— 25 days paid vacation days
— Private health insurance
— Additional marriage leave
— Additional paternity leave
— 5 days paid sick leave
— 1 volunteer day
— Professional development support
— Department team building activities
— Company loyalty trip

Responsibilities:
What will you be doing?
As a QA Automation Engineer, you will be working with Software Development Engineers and Quality Assurance Engineers to understand different project features and implement automated test tools and frameworks that help deliver quality features with efficiency.

As a QA Automation Engineer YOU WILL:

— Establish and maintain test automation frameworks.
— Research test tools, methodologies, and trends and upgrade existing practices and processes.
— Develop new automated tests and tools for our product’s frontend, backend APIs and other services.
— Collaborate with Software Development Engineers and Quality Assurance Engineers to determine which tests would provide most benefit and prioritizing automation of those tests accordingly.
— Collaborate with engineers to define and implement mechanisms to inject testing earlier into the software development process.
— Identify, share, and nurture the adoption of best practices in testing, testability, and maintainability in collaboration with the wider Quality function.
— Strive for the fastest feedback possible. Test parallelization should be a top priority.
— Configure automated tests to execute reliably and efficiently in CI/CD environments.
— Track and communicate automated test coverage and test results in a timely, effective, and automated manner.
— Understand project features, review technical designs, and implement automated test tools that help deliver quality features with efficiency.

We encourage you to watch a short video telling you about the vacancy and the company:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXCgXW-YHsM

If you would like to hear more about Videoslots and the team you will be joining directly from the CEO, check our interview with him:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAe8DY-e-gM

About the client:
Videoslots were born in 2011 as a result of a handful of entrepreneurs who not only had a knack for entertaining others but also an affinity with the iGaming industry. They teamed up and went about building an industry leader, setting the bar to an all-new high. Now in just ten years Videoslots now offers over 5,000 games from over 150 different game providers. And they are set to keep on growing!

Videoslots fully support responsible gaming and ensure that their clients continue to enjoy the safe and manageable play: www.videoslots.com/responsible-gambling.

If this role appeals to you, please reach out!
